{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Methods\
This participant is a 23 year old female who recently graduated from the University of California, Berkeley with a degree in Molecular and Cell Biology. This participant has experience in using sleep applications before when trying to adjust her natural sleep schedule. She also plans to travel all around Europe in the future, so this application may prove useful to her later on.\
\
The testing environment was at her house in Berkeley, California. We pulled up our Basalmiq sketches on an iPhone. Unfortunately, we did not have the smartwatch to show her, but we had her imagine our sketches on a smaller smartwatch interface. Tatiana was the only member present for this experiment, so she acted as facilitator, observer, greeter, and computer. The procedure followed the script as closely as possible in order to have the participant complete three tasks of varying level.\
\
# Results\
Overall, the participant enjoyed the application and found it extremely useful. She particularly liked the feature to enter one\'92s flight number in order to get his or her information automatically. One suggested that she recommended was to provide alternatives to melatonin since melatonin may not work on everyone, especially those with a higher tolerance than others. She suggested listing this option as a general \'93Sleep Aids\'94 and providing the user with a dropdown menu of different sleep aid options, such as ZzzQuil or SleepyTime tea or other over the counter sleep aids. \
\
In addition, once at the graph interface, the participant found this part a bit overwhelming and confusing. She did not quite understand how to interpret it initially and had asked what the curve was and whether the shaded zone corresponded to where one was currently sleeping or where he or she projected to sleep. This part took the most time to interact with. Other than that, she found the application easy to interpret and useful to use.\
\
# Discussion\
After this experiment, we learned that we may need to change some interfaces around a bit. The main interface that would need to be changed would be the graph since this was the one that was the most confusing. We will need to make this more user friendly and easier to interpret. We may or may not change the melatonin feature to be more general. One main thing that this experiment could not reveal is the effectiveness of our sleep schedule suggestions since the participant could not actually use the application yet while traveling amongst an international time zone. \
}